Improve generic http client doc (#457)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/js/features/connectivity/generic-http-client.mdx

executeHttpRequest(destination, requestConfig, httpRequestOptions);
```

> The `destination` argument is either a full <LinkToLatestJsApiDocs slug="interfaces/sap_cloud_sdk_core.Destination" name="destination object" /> you have already fetched or an <LinkToLatestJsApiDocs slug="interfaces/sap_cloud_sdk_core.DestinationNameAndJwt" name="object containing a destination name and JWT" />.

Reviewer: I know this was here before, but this might be slightly easier to parse in the head.
```suggestion
The `destination` argument is either a full <LinkToLatestJsApiDocs slug="interfaces/sap_cloud_sdk_core.Destination" name="destination object" />, that you have already fetched or an <LinkToLatestJsApiDocs slug="interfaces/sap_cloud_sdk_core.DestinationNameAndJwt" name="object containing a destination name an optional JWT" />.
```

> In the latter case the SAP Cloud SDK fetches the destination for you, you should read the [destination document]((../connectivity/destination.mdx)) for details and it also explains about the optional JWT parameter.

Author: ```suggestion
In the latter case the SAP Cloud SDK fetches the destination for you. You should read the [destination document]((../connectivity/destination.mdx)) for details and it also explains about the optional JWT parameter.
```

> In the latter case the SAP Cloud SDK fetches the destination for you. You should read the [destination document]((../connectivity/destination.mdx)) for details and it also explains about the optional JWT parameter.

Reviewer: Maybe with the little change above, the change here would be obsolete?

Author: I removed the "optional" keyword.
Not sure whether we should emphasise again about the destination doc;)

executeHttpRequest(destination, requestConfig, httpRequestOptions);
```

> The `destination` argument is either a full <LinkToLatestJsApiDocs slug="interfaces/sap_cloud_sdk_core.Destination" name="destination object" />, that you have already fetched or an <LinkToLatestJsApiDocs slug="interfaces/sap_cloud_sdk_core.DestinationNameAndJwt" name="object containing a destination name and an optional JWT" />.
> In the latter case the SAP Cloud SDK fetches the destination for you.
> You should read the [destination document]((../connectivity/destination.mdx)) for details, and it also explains about the JWT parameter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `destination` argument is either a full <LinkToLatestJsApiDocs slug="interfaces/sap_cloud_sdk_core.Destination" name="destination object" />, that you have already fetched or an <LinkToLatestJsApiDocs slug="interfaces/sap_cloud_sdk_core.DestinationNameAndJwt" name="object containing a destination name and an optional JWT" />.
In the latter case, the SAP Cloud SDK fetches the destination for you.
To learn more check the [destination documentation]((../connectivity/destination.mdx)) . It provides more details about the `JWT` parameter.
```

> To learn more check the [destination documentation]((../connectivity/destination.mdx)) . It provides more details about the `JWT` parameter.

Author: ```suggestion
To learn more, check the [destination documentation]((../connectivity/destination.mdx)). It provides more details about the `JWT` parameter.
```
